Darth this is our special star for show
the team should not be fraternizing this
is not acceptable it's time everyone to
play first family
[Music]
[Applause]
Ranjan leaders heading the Vator steam
family it is JJ Abrams who was joined by
Daisy Billy Dee Anthony a Naomi risky
family is Oscar Isaac with John Kerry
and Kelley
[Applause]
we have five we got it uneven we got
five on one seven four and the other
says anyone no way do we have any extra
[Applause]
[Music]
what's your name oh okay well great
Chewbacca it's time to play the feud
give me JJ give me Oscar JJ Oscar we
surveyed 100 people on Hollywood
Boulevard which means at least half of
them were crazy and we have the
following question what's the worst body
part to have chopped off by a lightsaber
Oscar pinned Oscar says hand you've got
four spots to beat that I'd say for sure
leg beats hand leg B does leg beat hand
we will start on this side now you know
how this works you get two strikes it's
an abbreviated version of the game we're
gonna start with Daisy Daisy what's the
worst body part chopped off by a
lightsaber in your expert opinion what
is the worst part of the body to have
chopped off by a lightsaber
[Applause]
Naomi your team is relying on you body
part Deb chop off confer with my team
yeah no you may not confer it's a circle
until the final yes here let's see is it
here on the board
you guys have a chance to steal you
could speak amongst yourselves yes come
on you get all the points only one
of you could speak for the team yes
Oscar the foot do we have the foot the
answer was step up to the podium
[Applause]
Daisy John besides EO de named something
else that starts with EO yo dog dog
Star Wars it can be anything at all
jauntily yodeling yodel yo no on the
board
don't walk curse keys go to your podium
there we'll go to your team all right
John well done Carrie question is
besides EO to name something that starts
with yellow yogurt yes of course we tell
what starts with yo yo yo let's go to
our friend Chewbacca Chewbacca is
something that starts with yellow let's
go to the board yes Oscar
something that starts with yo yo lo yo
[Applause]
John you started this you can end it
John yeah something that starts with you
yeah in these number three position you
may not discuss amongst yourself I gave
it my all for you we'll have to have a
buzzer here right okay one strike no sir
Gary you may not use the word
we are on television cameras this is the
audience cannot help carry do you have
an answer no you do not
all right well where's the buzzer no
answer from the team from the Walker
skis Bader steeds you can steal this you
can confer amongst yourselves we think
we don't you think you have it who would
like to speak for the team Yoko Ono Yoko
Ono miss Yoko Ono on the bird we're
gonna take a break we'll come back with
the final round of course family feud
[Music]
family feud the Vader scenes have 77
points the walker skis have 69 points it
is a very close game
Carrie you feel you now know the answer
woody what is it you know the answer
we're looking for is yomama all right
Carrie and Billy Dee come to the podium
all right this is for everything for
everything which Star Wars character
would make the worst roommate Chewbacca
Carrie said she Baca is Chewbacca on the
cord Chewbacca is on the Billy Dee you
can beat it who would make the worst
roommate Billy Dee's not seen any of the
films no he says Han Solo is it on
the water skis get to play here we go
back to your podium back to
we are going to start kelly kelly which
Star Wars character would make the worst
roommate I'm gonna go with Jabba the
Hutt - vodka sorry which Star Wars
character would make the worst roommate
[Music]
no it is not correct Oscar you got one
strike left which Star Wars character
would make the worst roommate John I'm
gonna go with Darth Vader Gary in the
whole thing you gotta win for your team
you cannot confirm who's bad after all
of these things because you did the math
why did John maybe someone that's good
that would still be a bedroom that's
conferring Gary Gary we need an answer
in three pac-3 feet you have a chance to
win it all with one answer and you can
confer amongst yourselves who would be
the worst roommate in the Star Wars
universe Judge George
[Applause]
congratulations every member of your
family is going home with a set of Star
Wars sheets and Star Wars pajamas and
this beautiful double bed and music team
you're not going home empty-handed
either each of you gets a bag of oranges
thank you for playing thank you for
being as congratulations to the Vader
seeds that's our show thanks to GG in
the whole cast apologies the dark game
starwars the rising Skywalker opens
Friday thank you for watching good night
and may the force be with you always
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all of my MA goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you